---
layout: post
title: Why start a blog?
ref: whyblog
lang: en
cat: slice
---

Writing a blog has been often something that I wanted to do, but couldn't find enough reason to really do it. I finally 
had the time to find a justification and configured this site. I've lived in France since 2016 October, and I am starting 
to be comfortable with the french language. Which in return has some weird effects like now I am less comfortable with English,
 not to mention Russian and German...

That's why I had the idea to start a blog with different languages. This way I could write posts in different languages and 
translate them to the other ones, keeping fresh my language skills. In addition to starting to forget the languages I once 
spoke fluently I had another problem. Even in my native language, sometimes it's hard to express myself. The source of the 
problem is lack of writing and reading. Let me elaborate this a bit. I don't really read books in Hungarian nor do I 
visit Hungarian web sites. If I look for some specific general information, I usually do searches in English. If I need some 
local informations, like theatre, university, etc. it's in French. This past year I read only books in French, mainly 
grammar books and some novels. I always think that if I have the time, I should practice a foreign language instead of using 
Hungarian.

That is really a huge problem, because this means that I use Hungarian only to talk to my girlfriend and to talk to my father. 
Furthermore, the use case of Russian is even more slight, I use it only to talk with my mother, and sometimes I even talk 
to her in Hungarian. I still haven't mentioned German. That's because I am kind of ashamed of the degree at how much I have 
forgotten about it and I haven't used it in the past few years.

In summary, I am trying not to forget that I have already learnt, and I am trying to get back which is more or less forgotten.
